let's go fishing
it's week five and we've caught
three fish so far but last trip
things got a little rocky with
my mates dragonlance ask you one
simple thing and you flipped up
out this is my boat
I'm the captain I'm the boss and
that's that
I don't know man it's just bed
in the meantime I took care of
Brad lance and got them paid now
I'm just hoping to move on and
get back to fishing the hell is
everybody is supposed to be here
little cold bread and see where
he's at he won't answer his call
whoo let's see if Lance will
answer
hey where are you i just got
down the boat we're ready to go
at five like hey that you didn't
say anything to me you should
have said something like a man
on your way of my ass every day
yay what do you put up with
working on a boat i'm hopping on
you're gonna back down five
miles on what kind of value do
you think Vlad left one cut
through the money and put your
on how many tunes have you
caught glance how many tunas
have you card in your lifetime
are unbelievable harley Europe
go get that's all you why do you
talking like that you're a
google no yeah I just hung up
this out
I've never experienced anything
like this in my life ever in all
the years efficient ever the
only 21 is the epic always with
me and his whole life you just
don't leave your captain high
and dry
just don't do that but I'm not
gonna let the slow me down I'm
going to the lone wolf baby
let's go catch some tuna
yeah
I'm gonna catch fish you watch